Ready?
Hey, what's going on guys I've got some new
shadow boxes in that I'm adding to my personal
collection.
So I just wanted to open them in front of
you so you can see what you're going to be
getting when you get them and how they're
shipped and how they're packaged and I switched
it up a little bit.
You know I usually go with the cherry frame
and the black background.
I think this time I went with the black on
black maybe and cherry on the big one.
I've got two, I've got one XL, and two Larges.
So, anyway, I'm going to go ahead and unbox
them and you can check em out when I get them
out.
Alright?
So there you go, as always, I guess I did
go with the, I forgot I went with the cherry
frames again but I went with the black background
I'm pretty sure.
Yup!
There it goes.
That nice black felt.
Usually I go with the red but I'm switching
it up a little bit.
But some notable things as far as the shipping
goes you can see we've changed the styrofoam.
So if you've ordered from my website before,
the old styrofoam used to break apart and
get all over the place.
So the styrofoam has changed in the shipping
and we've added this front protection piece
on front of the frames for to make it better
for shipping and they are just beautiful man.
Beautiful, beautiful.
All around.
So I'll show you a finished product after
I hand these up and of course you can get
these on my website YouGoProBaseball.com So
here they are.
I haven't pinned them or anything.
I just stuck them in there and closed them
up.
I put the little name plate on them.
So I'll probably go back and pin them and
make them a little bit nicer, but that's one
of the small ones, or excuse me, the Large
size, and that's the other large size ones
and then I took that one that used to be there
and put that one up there so.
It turned out nice.
I went with the red, black, red felt, you
know changing the colors from the felt but
I think it turned out nice.
I'll probably do the same thing on the other
side eventually.
So, anyway, I don't know, I don't know, should
I hang these?
Like actually hang these up a little bit on
the wall, like that, or should I just leave
them leaning?
What do you think?
Let me know.
Leave a comment and let me know if I should
leave them leaning against the wall like that
or hang them up just a little bit higher.